Due to the temporary shutdown of the JSOC, many of the functions within ``aiapy`` are currently not functioning as they rely on the JSOC to retrieve data.

In an effort to enable other sources of data to be provided to the broken functions, the following breaking changes have been made:

1. `aiapy.calibrate.correct_degradation`: The "calibration_version" keyword has been removed and  "correction_table" is now a required argument.
   To get a correction table, one can use the `aiapy.calibrate.util.get_correction_table`.
   This allows one to select between, JSOC, SSW, or a custom correction table.
   For SSW, the correction table is just a version of the SSW correction table which goes from 3 to 10.
   If you want to use the JSOC, you can pass in "jsoc" as a string argument.

2. `aiapy.calibrate.estimate_error`: "error_table" is now a required argument.
   To get the error table, one can use the `aiapy.calibrate.util.get_error_table`.
   There are only two options for the error table, 2 or 3.

3. `aiapy.response.channel.Channel.eve_correction`: "correction_table" is now a required argument.
    As in `aiapy.calibrate.correct_degradation`, one can use the `aiapy.calibrate.util.get_correction_table` to get the correction table.

4. `aiapy.calibrate.update_pointing`: "pointing_table" is now a required argument.
   To get the pointing table, one can use `aiapy.calibrate.util.get_pointing_table`.
   This function now has a "source" keyword which can be used to select between JSOC and a copy of the pointing information dated from 11/20/2024 stored on LMSAL servers.

Note that many of the files from SSW are not updated with any frequency and provide worse results than using the data from the JSOC.
